hey my name is Kim Hammond and I'm
Australian and this is my very first
time doing this so be gentle funny about
my accent they can never guess it
they're always the guy is that English
which is really hard for a strange it's
like make money Canadian it's kind of a
little offensive so I kind of want to
give you what english is joy sale of
this charlie bit me I don't freaking
sell my brother we're brown straight but
I have to say to be honest I can't
forgive it because i love you i love you
i don't really love you my love monster
sushi I love America I moved here
because I was deeply in love with
America and Americans another freaky
storage come away but more are just I
love America in my family in Australia
we would come in a July 4th I get the
kids outside with little fireworks wait
in our American flag yay by ourselves go
inside it will after this but we just
looked over here to join you in
celebrating July 4th and all those
awesome things because you think
Americans are cool countries some of the
adjustments have been hard to different
country Tucker use the Republicans and
Fox News and also certificates of the
language is different like you say put
it in the trunk and wish they'd put it
in the boot you say trash can we say
rubbish bin you say fries we say chips
nicely this is kind of a kite but I got
in trouble event Devils in Wisconsin
well there's water bucks yeah and I went
into this store and I said up excuse me
I'm looking for some thumbs that's a
good luck for me stop we give me some
rainbow ones as well
purity was obviously that means
something else in your country to mine
thank you guys the other way as well you
know you have some weird words to like
you know what I moved here every person
came up to me and said we're rooting for
you rooting for you video room for you
in for the Bears are your room that is a
disgusting word it means dirty nasty six
I did not want to know your business no
I was just reading for me disgusting
have you think will tell me they're
rooting for me I wanted to send an email
out and say what you stop sending the
guy emails and we're really but you know
I don't mind that because because I
think it's a big night i am good
actually speaking of church and i'm
speaking as judge and I realize that
some of these words can be offensive so
I go to this church I'm telling my story
I this kind of amazing story that I have
time and three minutes to tell you but
really we're gonna meet works which in
our country we call a burning room no
idea because my daily so I say um so
anyway went to this burning room I was a
foreigner and then I'm like so I'm
trying to the story I'm trying sponge
the barn chic pink my story I say you
know a good cooking dinner in the
struggle anyway um joshua lee okies
Randy just like Randy in my country
means horny boy this place this guy
comes up to me he says I'm my name
training facilities were a bum bag we're
like what is that because that's my
fanny pathogen difficult any the trail
it's a vagina this is ready for you